>> Hey there
Haskell weekly listeners.
Welcome to another episode of
the Haskell weekly podcast.
I'm your host Taylor Fausak.
I am the director of software
engineering at ACI Learning.
And
>> I'm Cameron Gera.
I am a senior software engineer at
caribou, which is a fantastic place to
be and no longer it pro, but it's okay.
We're still doing the podcast here
and, uh, excited to be here today.
How's it going today?
>> It's going good.
Glad to be back on a new episode
with you cam, we took a few weeks
off there around Thanksgiving.
Things are going well.
Yeah.
It seems
>> like we do that.
We get like two weeks
pretty good in a row.
And then all of a sudden
it's like two, three weeks.
We're like, oh yeah, Nope.
Hasn't happened.
So, uh, we've got the
holidays coming up as well.
So we'll see how, uh, the
rest of this, uh, time goes
>> for the rest of this year.
I think in retrospect, calling it high
school weekly was a mistake on my part.
It should have been Haskell semi-weekly.
Haskell sometimes.
But yeah.
Um, so yeah, we'll be probably off
a little bit around the holidays,
so prepare yourself for that.
Uh, but this week we're going to be
reviewing the Haskell survey results.
Um, I published the survey results just
after they, the survey closed, which
was, uh, in the first half of November.
But, uh, we haven't got a chance to
go over them here on the podcast.
So I figured we'd do that today?
Yeah.
I think
>> it's, uh, got
some fascinating insights.
Um, you know, this.
It was actually lower
response than previous.
Um, and I'm also a guilty party
for not actually have done it.
So, uh, whoops.
It's, uh, you know, we have little
over 1100 responses, um, which is just
a few hundred down from last year.
So, uh, you know, a little
less, uh, participation, but
still great fascinations.
Trying to make some rhymes here.
>> I'm not too concerned about
the dip in participation this year.
It doesn't portend anything to me.
I think it just waxes and wanes
and we've had it go up a little
bit and now it's gone back down.
Um, also before we get into looking at
the results, um, the Haskell foundation
is actually hiring a data scientist
to come through these and provide.
Better, I would say second or third
level, you know, analysis of these things.
So rather than looking at one question
in isolation, looking at some types of
things, like if they answered one question
this way, how does that impact their, the
way they answered these other questions?
And in particular, that could be
really useful, um, by splitting people
up based on their experience level
or, you know, any number of facets.
>> Dang.
That's pretty cool.
And this next year is going to be probably
something the Haskell foundation runs
>> correct?
I think so.
That's my goal is to hand off this
survey, I've done it for five years
now and I have got it down to the point
where I don't have to spend a lot of
time doing it, but that means also that.
Really actively working on
continually improving it.
You know, I'll make little changes
and tweaks here and there, but for
the most part, I just ask the same
questions every year and post the same,
um, results formatted in the same way.
Right.
>> Cool.
Yeah.
So, uh, I guess with that, we
can get started what's uh, what
was one of the first things that
kind of caught you by surprise?
>> Something that got me by surprise.
It wasn't necessarily new this year,
but that I want to call out and
just appreciate is there were a good
chunk of people who took the survey,
who don't currently use Haskell.
And that's both people that used
it in the past and don't anymore
or people that have never used it.
And I'm really curious how those people
that never used it ended up taking the
survey, but I appreciate their viewpoint.
And I also appreciate the viewpoint of
people who used it in the past and kind
of either left it for whatever reason
or gave up on it or whatever it is.
Those are really valuable viewpoints.
So I just want to thank the people that
have done that and who, you know, I
wouldn't expect them to be listeners
of the podcast, but maybe they are.
Yeah.
Maybe they're
>> just dreaming to get into Haskell
more, you know, providing their feedback,
whether they don't have any experience
or if they have had experience in the
past and it's, they left for some reason.
Uh, so yeah, I think that's
been pretty interesting.
Um, you know, I think.
Looking at the breakdown.
Obviously there's a lot of
variation in, in the demographic
that we, that are filling this out.
Um, whether it's experience
or it's, um, you know, kind of
frequency or, or the reason to use
Haskell or, you know, what be it.
Um, but I did also like that, the fact
that like, you know, Tying into your
people who used to use Haskell, or may
not even use Haskell and filling this out.
Like the question about, do you
use Haskell at work like 36, 33.
36% of the people who answered the
question were like, no, but I'd like
to, you know, which is more than
the, yes, most of the time, you know?
Uh, so that was kind of interesting.
>> Um, yeah, that's huge.
And I really wish I had an answer
for those people of like, how
can you use Haskell at work?
You know, is it a problem with Haskell?
Is it a problem with the company or
is it not really a problem at all?
It's just the way the chips fell.
That would be an interesting thing
to dig into and get some qualitative
answers from those people rather
than the quantitative numbers.
Yeah.
>> And I think too, that
like, yeah, it's that barrier of
entry, is it there's that too high?
Um, you know, is there something like my,
my recommendation for those people would
be like, just see if there's some way.
Have a spike of a Haskell project
and kind of show the power.
I think that's something here at caribou
we've done is that we've kind of showed
how powerful, you know, Haskell can be for
both like speed and, you know, consistency
and performance and all these things.
And so we've really created a
nice kind of, we advocated well
for the language in our job.
But I just kind of starting with little
things and seeing the payoff there.
So you know, that would give you my
recommendation to those who would like
to it, just say like, Hey, you know,
you guys have a company hackathon or
something comes up and you're like,
Hey, let me, can I, can I try this with
Haskell and just see, um, you know, and
I feel like there's a lot of resources
out there too for, you know, higher
ups who you're trying to convince.
You can work with them,
kind of say, Hey, okay.
Hey, here's.
Here's the parameters for success.
And, you know, we're going to try to,
you know, spend a month on this, you
know, and hopefully with that month, you
have the opportunity to kind of really
expand your knowledge and the company's
knowledge of Haskell and, uh, you know,
create a great product out of it as well.
>> I agree.
I think that's great advice and it's
worth reiterating, or maybe not even
reiterating, just if you weren't aware
with ACI Learning, which, um, I came from
the it pro TV side of ACI Learning and
ITProTV, wasn't always a Haskell shop.
It actually started as a WordPress site.
So PHP and then had a, not too brief
stint as a Node JS shop using Sails JS.
And very briefly used Golang
and then got over to Haskell.
So I think people may have this impression
that in order to use Haskell at a company,
it has to be founded by somebody who is.
Gung-ho about using Haskell
and that's not the case.
It wasn't the case for us.
>> Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, and I'm currently in a place
where we're a Ruby and TypeScript
shop, so it's kind of like, you
know, pushing our way through.
Um, and you know, we have a lot of people
in the organization who are interested in
what we're doing on our team, um, since
that's where our Haskell is currently,
but we're gonna continue to do book clubs
and things like that to spread Haskell
through the rest of the organization.
And we're hoping that.
We're kind of going to a
microservice architecture as it is.
Cause they kinda got their wires
crossed and uh, you know, when
you're in a startup, you're
trying to get a product out there.
So there's choices made that kind of
created a lot of coupling and, and things.
So I know we're trying to spend
some time to clean that up and then
ideally pull some of that, you know,
those things out into maybe services.
And, you know, there, there's
an opportunity there to
also use Haskell, you know?
>> So, yeah.
That's one of the benefits
of microservices is that you.
A small piece of your infrastructure
written in a different language and,
uh, just try it out, see how it works.
Yep.
So moving on a little bit, uh, one of the
other questions that's interesting to me,
I don't know if I'd call it surprising.
Is the, how many years have
you been using Haskell?
And I, I guess I was surprised
to see that a lot of people that
answered this survey had been using
Haskell for less than two years.
Which means there's a big group of
people that are really new to Haskell.
And for me as someone who's been using
it for several years, like on, in the
five to 10 range at this point, it's easy
to forget what it felt like to be, you
know, in year one of learning Haskell.
And I think so much of the, um, material
in the community blogposts and stuff like.
Caters to those experts, the people
who've been using it forever and
really want to push it to its limits.
But it's important to remember a
big chunk of the community is new
and just needs help with the basics
and, you know, comparative analysis.
How, how do you do something and how do
you choose which way to do something?
How do you choose a library?
All those things are challenging.
And there, there isn't a lot
of material written for that.
>> Yeah.
Yeah.
And I think, I mean, I would have
those same questions and, um,
Almost at the three-year mark.
So it's kind of that like finding the
resources that give the beginner a chance.
Um, and that's kind of, you know, I think
if you're going into an organization that
has high school, a lot of, I mean, I think
it depends on what they're doing, but
you can kind of find a niche of simple
Haskell and kind of keep to that so that
as you're bringing on new hires and you're
bringing in interns or whoever they may.
They have a little easier
handhold into Haskell.
Cause it's not, you know, crazy bind
syntax that you're trying to figure out,
okay, this applicatives to this and what,
and I left bind and arrow star ship.
Oh my goodness.
You know, there, there's a
lot of, you know, operators in
Haskell that can create confusion.
And there's also, I mean, I've, I
feel like that's in any language you
can write things to be confusing.
So um choosing to kind of fight
for simple Haskell is going to help
those beginners you know really feel
confident in the language and, and
probably take that next step of,
okay, now I understand the basics.
What do I need to do to
get to the next level?
I've got to be a 10 X developer.
Yo.
>> Yeah, that's absolutely true.
And I think even simple Haskell is already
a much more powerful and expressive
language than many other programming.
Like.
That you would do well, just sticking
to that and yeah, there's going to be
edge cases here and there that you can't
that feel like they should be able to
be prevented, uh, like from the type
level to turn them into compiler errors,
but the price you'd have to pay to turn
them into compile errors is pretty high.
So just deal with the runtime error
or potential runtime error and
keep the code simple for awhile.
And then eventually you and your team
will have enough experience to be
able to say, are we comfortable um,
increasing the complexity in order
to also increase the safety or the
guarantees we get from the code.
Right.
>> Take advantage of
some of those deeper things.
Yeah.
>> Cool.
So, which is the next question
that stood out to you Cam?
>> Um, yeah, well, I was just
looking through and kind of perusing here,
but, uh, it's interesting to me that.
62% of the participants answered
that they develop command
line programs with Haskell.
Uh, that was kind of interesting to me.
I mean, I definitely can see
why it would be that way.
I was just expecting API services
to kind of run the roost there, but
you know, everybody's got, you know,
different ways of, of using it.
So I thought that was pretty interesting.
Um, have you, like, I know you've
done some stuff with kind of CLI.
And Haskell, um, with your
rocket league parser, right?
>> Yeah.
Uh, and I'm in the same boat as you.
My, you know, I programmed API services
for most of my professional career.
And so that's my bias and
that's what I expected to see
at the top of the list here.
But, um, I think command line programs
are probably the least common denominator.
Like even though I typically
write API services, I also
write command line programs and.
Right libraries, you you'll also probably
write some command line programs.
So it's like everything else
involves some manner of that.
So that's probably why it's up at the top.
Um, but as to like my experience
writing command line programs with
Haskell, I found it to be a very
nice programming language for it.
And it, you know, works well
and gets out of your way.
Um, I'm not sure.
What else to say about it?
Like there, there are good libraries
for parsing command line arguments,
um, optparse-applicative, or
optparse-generic are both pretty good.
Uh, and there's actually a module
built into the base library.
That's just a reimplementation of
getopt, which is a common C or C++
way to parse command line flags.
And it's not very like, uh, Advanced or
nice to use, but it gets the job done.
So if you're trying to avoid dependencies
for whatever reason, there is something
in base that can let you do that.
>> Hmm.
Nice.
Um, yeah.
W what was the next question
that kind of stood out to you?
>> Yeah, I'm still looking around.
Um, there's a couple that are not
surprising, but I want to highlight,
which are that most people develop on
Linux and most people deploy to Linux.
So that's been true every year.
I've done this and I suspect it will
continue to be true for a long time.
But, um, one thing I've said before
about this, that was probably a little
controversial is that if you're trying
to build some tooling for Haskell.
And you feel like you may not be
able to make headway or support all
three major operating systems, Linux,
Mac, and windows at the same time.
Just build it for Linux at first.
And then if it catches on and
the community seems to like it.
Yeah, go ahead and also make it work on
Mac and windows, but don't feel obligated
to do that out of the gate because you're
going to hit almost, I don't know, 80%.
So four out of five Haskell developers
you'll hit with just getting Linux.
>> Yeah, I think that's
definitely something that's pretty cool.
Uh, yeah, the next one I wanted to
dive into, if you're okay with jumping
into it is the language extensions,
which one people would like enabled
by default and lo and behold, our,
uh, our Lambda cases up at the top.
Which is interesting to me.
>> I mean, I guess
why is that interesting?
It's just because it's
>> something I've never really
used or try to use, uh, because it's,
I don't know, seems like it can create
a little more confusion and chaos than
it's worth, but, uh, you know, I know
there's obviously use cases for it.
It's just interesting that that was
like the one that most people wanted.
Instead of, you know,
enabled instead of disabled.
>> Um, yeah, I have an opinion
about Lambda case, but before I launch
into it, um, a quick note, if you're
listening to this and you go look at
the results on the website, because
there will be a link in the show notes.
Um, I want to explain briefly
the visualization here, because
I had a question about it.
Uh, with all of the other questions,
it was just like a bar chart for who,
how many responses did I get for each
answer choice in this one, there are
kind of two bar charts at once, because
for each question or for each language
extension, people were able to select,
yes, I want this enabled by default or no.
I don't want to, I don't want this
enabled by default, or I would resist
a proposal to enable this by default.
Um, and that lets us say,
okay, like Lambda case.
Um, we had a lot of votes in favor of
enabling it by default and almost no
votes opposed to enabling it by default.
So that means it's widely, uh,
a lot of people like it and
not too many people dislike it.
So if you go look at these results
online, that's what the two bars mean.
The blue one means yes.
And the orange one means no.
Gotcha.
So with that caveat out of the way
Lambda case, um, I feel like I see
why so many people voted for this.
It's just a pure syntactic sugar thing
that lets you write expressions that.
More or less on ambiguous
and avoid naming variables.
Um, but I personally dislike it
cause I feel like it complicates the
grammar for such a small benefit.
Like to me, the downside of writing
backslash X arrow case X of, I
have no desire to replace that
with backslash case, like, okay, I
saved a couple of keystrokes, but
it doesn't really change anything.
>> Yeah.
Yeah, and yeah, I haven't had, I
haven't used it in anchor, so I
wouldn't know if I would like it or not.
Um, I think my opinion on that has been
probably based on your opinion of that as
well, just cause it's, you know, I was,
you know, we worked together for so long.
It was kind of like, Hey, I know a Lambda
case isn't really worth it kind of thing.
So that's probably where
my opinion comes in.
But I'm also the advocate
for simple Haskell.
So like, I feel like for the
benefits, it just doesn't like.
It's not worth
>> it in my opinion.
Right?
Because you have to teach people.
Okay, well, there's this whole
separate syntax now for when you have
a Lambda that has one argument and
you're just casing on that argument.
You can get rid of all
this stuff around it.
And I feel like it's simpler to just
say, if you don't care what the name
of this argument is, just put an X
in there and move on with your life.
Um, and I feel like this kind of goes
with the Haskell community's overall.
Dislike of naming arguments.
So there's a lot of, you know, writing
stuff in point free syntax, lets you
avoid naming arguments, um, currying
or partially applying functions
lets you avoid naming arguments.
And I think those are all all right.
But I try not to take them to the.
>> Yeah, simplify everything.
Point free, nothing is variables.
It's all you have one input to
the system and then everything
else is just point free.
>> Um, so one of the extensions
that stood out to me was a little further
down the list, which is applicative do,
it's a relatively new extension where if
you write a expression in, do notation.
But you don't actually use any
features that would require a Mon ad.
It will infer an applicative constraint
to that thing and rewrite it using the
applicative operators, which are pure.
And, um, people call it all kinds
of different things, spaceship
or a tie fighter, or a less than
asterisk greater than anyway.
Um, that's what applicative do.
And I wanted to highlight it because
it's one of the few language extensions
that was really, really contentious.
There were a lot of votes to enable
it by default, but also a lot of
votes not to enable it by default.
And I don't really know why that is.
Do you Cam?
>> I don't.
Um, unless people are, are more focused
on, I mean, I honestly have no idea.
Uh, so can, can you kinda talk
about like, Yeah, I guess for me,
I'm, haven't really, I didn't even
know this was really a language
extension, so you know how cool I am.
Um, but you know, what, what would
be like a big downside to this?
>> I'm not well-versed in the
downsides of applicative do I think
probably, and this is true with
many language extensions, probably,
uh, Error messages get worse.
If you have this turned on and
you do something wrong because
the implied constraint will be
different than what you might expect.
Um, also I think I have a memory, so
this could be wrong, but I have a memory
of when this was first rolled out, that
it was buggy in certain circumstances.
So like it, wasn't generally
safe to enable, applicative do
for an entire project because.
Suddenly behave differently.
Um, and maybe that's why, or even, uh,
if your oper— or if your constraint
is something that's a monad, but it
relaxes it down to an applicative.
That means things may happen in parallel
when it looks like they should happen in
sequence, because if your monad doesn't.
Use the result of a previous
binding, then applicative do will
infer that those things can be done.
You know, they don't really depend on each
other, so they could be done at the same
time or one before the other, whatever.
And that may break programs that do
depend on that, um, specific ordering of.
Gotcha.
>> Cool.
Yeah, no, I think, I feel like that's
some valid concerns for, for people.
I mean, so it makes sense that
it would be such a tight race.
Uh, and you know, I know.
I mean, we we've talked about, uh,
GHC 2021, many times on this podcast.
Um, which is just this, for those who
haven't, who don't know, it's a default
set of language extensions that are
going to ship with the language, uh, kind
of like Haskell 2010 and Haskell 96 or
>> 98 90 is the first one.
Yeah.
So
>> you know that that's like
a preset and you know, on here, we
didn't like mark that, whether it's
part of it or not, uh, But yeah, I
think it was kind of interesting that
like, Maybe the, maybe the committee
who kind of decided what Haskell 20,
21, has they take a look at this?
And if it has any like,
correlation, like, okay.
Yeah, we see a majority of
people want tuple sections.
All right.
Well then we're going to
maybe we'll consider that or
maybe it's already in there.
So,
>> um, yeah.
And in fact, they did look at it
last year as they were compiling
the extension set for GHC 2021.
This wasn't the only thing in the
mix, but this was one data point
a and they also took a look at.
Packages on hackage to see which
language extensions they enabled by
default and which ones were enabled
within modules, uh, explicitly.
So, um, yeah, your, the people
who responded to this survey,
your voice was heard and it
got incorporated into GHC 2021.
And hopefully this will get
incorporated into future
versions of the Haskell language.
It's not a standard now because that's
not what GHC 2021 is, but like extension
set, I don't know what to call it.
>> Yeah.
Like, uh, just kind of like
a pre-packaged situation.
So it's like, it's like you ordered it on
Amazon and now it's at your front door in
>> two days.
Yeah.
Well, I'm sure we could talk
about language extensions all
day, but do you want to move on
to another, another question?
Um,
>> you know, I think one that
probably gets a lot of conversation
in the Haskell community as probably,
I mean, I think there's a, quite
a few, but I think one that is.
Pretty common.
It's probably tooling.
It's like the question around tooling.
And, um, I think in 2021, we
had a huge kind of swing towards
like some better tooling.
Um, and that being in HLS,
Haskell language server, I
think that has really taken off.
I think, you know, early in the
year in 2020 as well, it was.
To buggy, there's some issues with it.
And so, you know, I think in 2021, it's
really solidified as for me, my go-to
IDE, um, you know, and I'll use GHG ID
or I'll use just stack, um, sometimes,
but really if I'm trying to iterate
quickly, HLS is, you know, where I'm at.
That's my bread and
>> butter.
Yeah.
I agree.
It is both an amazing project and it has
improved so much even just in the past.
I feel like it's gained so many
features and it's gotten much faster.
So if you've looked at it before and
had trouble with it, take another look.
But most people have looked
at it almost 65% of people
that responded to the survey.
Use HLS and that's huge.
>> Yeah.
And I think too, it's funny that
like, uh, you know, Adam, you know,
I don't know what four, four years
ago, five years ago, it was like
one of the top editors in general.
And now, you know, it's just 2% of people.
>> Yeah.
And I think all those people switched
over to vs code, which is now the most
popular one, beaten out both VI and Emacs.
So yeah.
>> Better not tell Jason or Cody.
>> And, uh, another big upset
this year was the cabal overtook
stack as the most popular build tool.
And I think there were two big
reasons for this one is that.
Improved quite a bit.
And with the newer versions of the
cabal spec and cabal library and cabal
install, command line tool, they've
gotten a lot of nice new features.
Um, but also I think the ghcup project
helped with this because if you use ghcup,
that can manage your GHC installation
and then also install cabal for you.
And then you're ready to go.
Um, and for me that was one
of the big upsides of stack.
Was it managed GHC for me and
just drop me in an environment
that was ready to build stuff.
And now I usually reach for ghcup
and cabal rather than stack.
So that's been a big
change for me at work.
We still use stack.
So I'm still very comfortably switching
between them, but for personal projects,
I've tried it out and I liked it.
So I'm sticking with it.
Nice.
>> Yeah, I have not looked into
ghcup so I'll have to check it out.
We use stack uh, with templates.
So we have a stack template
that we generally build all
of our Haskell projects with.
Um, cool.
So that's been pretty nice, especially
for microservice architecture.
which kind of gets the skeleton up and
then we can, uh, hear it from there.
>> Yeah.
One of the most popular things I've ever
worked on in the Haskell community is.
Stack template for setting up a new
project that I called Haskeleton.
Um, I'm not sure if it's
still a stack template.
I haven't worked on it
in awhile, but yeah.
Um,
>> Haskeleton were, were they're
very, uh, I feel like the Haskell
community is very good at naming.
>> Yes.
hasql
>> hasql Hakyll?
Well, the blog
>> HASQL HASQL.
Yeah.
I never know how to pronounce that one.
It's a great name, but I don't
know how to say it out loud.
Yeah.
>> It's always fun.
It's like, it makes it
really easy to talk about.
>> Um, so related to tooling,
another one of the things that really
surprised me this year and every
year is I ask which tools do you
use to deploy Haskell applications?
And many, many people say that
they deploy static binary.
But I'm not sure.
I believe them.
It's really hard to build a
fully static binary for Haskell.
And I think people are deploying
mostly static binaries.
So I don't know if that's a distinction
worth making, but that surprised me.
Yeah.
>> Yeah.
I mean, from my, my experience it's
been Docker images all the way.
>> Yeah.
And those are very popular as well.
But, um, I'm curious, like when
people say static, binaries are.
Building inside of Alpine and statically
linking glibc or not glibc, but musl libc.
Um, or are they statically linking
everything except libc um, I'd be
really curious to dig into that one.
>> Yeah.
So if anybody answered that and
has uh an example you want to be
on the podcast, please reach out.
>> We'd love to have.
You know, maybe they really are
doing static binaries cause a good
chunk of people use Nix and so
nix can produce a static binary.
So maybe that's how they're doing it.
Yeah.
>> Still, could be a
fun episode to dive into.
Um, cool.
Well, that was kind of a touch
on infrastructure as well.
Um, is there, I mean, we've got
kind of community as a section
here in the, in the, um, results
on the survey and, uh, you know.
I think one that's always interesting
every year is the, which of the following
topics would you like to see written more?
Cause it's always like, okay.
Like what could it be?
Cause that's, you know, luckily it's a
multi-select cause everybody has opinions
on what they want to see more of.
Um, what I'm surprised about those
is really low that people are like,
eh, it would be game development.
I feel like it could be kind
of fun to figure out if that's.
A viable possibility using
game, having game development.
>> Yeah.
I mean, I think it would be fun,
but also what's the, you know, the
Venn diagram of people that are
Haskell Haskell developers and game
developers is probably pretty small.
And that's actually one of the things
I like about this question is that I
think it gets to the heart of often
people will write about things that
are interesting to them, which is good.
Cause it's easy to be jazzed up about
that and write something good about it.
Um, I think it'd be better to
direct or, or maybe even pay for
articles that focus on these things
that people in the community want.
So like best practices is far and away.
The most popular thing that people
wish there were things written about.
So why, why doesn't
anybody write about them?
Or why do we not write enough about them?
I guess would be the better question.
>> Yeah.
The hard thing I feel like with best
practices is it's all opinion-based,
but hopefully, you know, with the
Haskell foundation and the committee
there and the team, it'd be nice to
see if something from that foundation
could kind of help lead the charge
in the best practices, movement.
And then, you know, kind of keep a series
of blog posts or, you know, video series
or something to kind of illustrate, you
know, as a whole, like what's the Haskell
foundation thinks about these things.
Um,
>> yeah.
I think best practices
are inherently subjective.
So it doesn't bother me too much that,
you know, there, it best practices may
change or may depend on who you ask, but
I still think it'd be really valuable.
And you know, I'm guilty of this as well.
I run a team of Haskell developers and we
haven't written much about what we do or
why we do it, but, uh, we probably should.
And maybe I'll try to make that
a focus in the coming year.
>> Maybe so we'll have to keep,
we can make Haskell weekly podcast,
a accountability partner to that.
>> Yes, I like it.
Yeah.
Um, so the next big section of the
survey results were for feelings
and I feel like, uh, these haven't
changed too much year over year.
And the only thing I want to point out is
that overall, when they're presented here
in the survey results, they're sorted.
So the ones that are most positive or that
most people agree with are toward the top.
And then the ones that people mostly
disagree with are at the bottom.
So as you scroll through things,
get more and more bleak, and then
you get down to the bottom and it's
like, oh, I can find Haskell jobs.
And I can reason about the
performance of my Haskell code.
Those are the things people
disagree with the most.
>> Yeah.
Well, I mean, if you're interested
in a Haskell job, Caribou's hiring.
So is ACI Learning, so there's Haskell
jobs out there for you, if you want.
you know, Hit
>> us up.
Yeah, please do.
All right, Cam, was there
anything else in the survey
results you wanted to talk about?
Um,
>> I don't think so.
I mean, I think this
survey is really cool.
I mean, thank you for kind of
putting it all together and kind
of, you know, keeping it organized
and, you know, displaying results.
I think that's a big Testament to.
like, to just how much impact you
have on the Haskell community.
And we appreciate
>> that.
Uh, thanks.
I appreciate it.
It's
>> nice to have someone who's
willing to kind of take that on.
Um, and for you to spearhead it
for five years is impressive.
Uh, needless to say.
Um, so yeah, I don't, I don't think
I have anything else on the survey.
Do you have anything else you wanted to
>> share?
No, that was it.
And, uh, again, thanks for the kind words
I enjoy running the survey, but I will
also enjoy handing it off to the Haskell
foundation if they want to pick it up
and the secret to doing something like
this from my point of view is automate
as much as you can, because that's what
lets you do it over and over again.
Yep.
>> Yeah, it sounds like,
uh, a good programmer's motto
>> for sure.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, I think that'll
do it for us this week.
Is that right?
Yeah.
That'll,
>> that'll be it.
Yeah.
Thank you all for listening
to the Haskell weekly podcast.
Uh, I Camera Gera and
Taylor, have been your hosts.
Um, and if you are curious about where you
can find Haskell weekly, just check out
our website at haskellweekly.news, um, and
also sign up for the weekly newsletter.
And you can hear more about the
articles we're talking about.
Um, As my dog is running into this room.
So,
>> um, your dog is so excited,
wants to sign up for the newsletter
>> ready?
So, um, but yeah,
>> toss it over to you.
And this week, as every week,
we are brought to you by
my employer, ACI Learning.
If you'd like to get started in IT
training, head over to ITPro.TV and use
promo  code HaskellWeekly30 to get 30%
off the lifetime of your subscription.
That's ITPro.TV, promo
code HaskellWeekly30.
Awesome.
Thanks for listening.
And we'll see you next week, peace.